Thinkgeek Merch Awesomeness!
Published on May 26, 2006.
Thinkgeek.com is a crazy store just for nerds.
Pretty much everything there caters to glasses-wearing people who got beat up in high school.
Sometime their merch is kinda lame, but every once in a while, great things pop up there.
While browsing their new stuff, I came across some awesomeness.
So I thought I’d share:
Yoda Plush Backpack!
Remember in The Empire Strikes Back, when Luke is training and he carries Yoda on his back?
I know you do!
Here’s an official Yoda Plush Backpack!
! I’m seriously thinking of buying this and finishing out my college career in style.
Or badly beaten… Now all I need to do is get Frank Oz to follow me around and make grunting noises!
The Solution T-Shirt
I’m not what you would call a “chemist,” but I still think this shirt is pretty awesome.
First off, it’s green.
Next, it’s got nerd vocabulary on it!
I’d get this, but I think I’d probably look like a poser since I hate chemistry.
Evil Genius Lab Coat
There’s just something about labcoats that makes people look smart.
And cool! If it were socially acceptable, I’d probably wear a labcoat everywhere I went.
But then people would probably be all, “hey, are you a scientist or something? Look at my mole!”
And that’s just not what scientists are for.